Every famous restaurant has a success story. The making of a famous restaurant is nothing short of remarkable.
 It involves the hard work and vision of a true leader.  
Giving good quality food at reasonable prices with great customer service is something not many restaurants can claim.
Well, Aghadeer is not just any restaurant. They are undoubtedly the best in Abu Dhabi. They've found a niche market in Dubai as well. 



The first branch of aghadeer was opened in  -------------------- in the year------. 
The years of hard work and determination helped them to affirm their motto. 
Deliver quality food at a reasonable rate. It's no wonder they were able to grow and open more outlets, where they stuck to their policies. 
What started as a modest restaurant named --------- on ------- has since become one of the highly successful restaurant chains in Abu Dhabi with thousands of happy customers that vouch for us.
By 2022, aghadeer has 8 outlets spread across Dubai and Abu Dhabi. compromising on principles.
 And for the coming decades, aghadeer has brilliant plans. They are always ready to grow with the generations…

Aghadeer has a professional team of culinary experts that puts together their menus. 
Every new dish takes months of constant experimenting to get the flavours right. 
 We have many signature dishes such as ---- ---- ----  that have built their brand value over the years.

How to create a high-quality dish.
Aghadeer believes in using only the freshest ingredients in our restaurants. 
Each batch of supplies is subjected to intense quality assessment. The freshness of ingredients imparts a lot of flavours and textures to the dishes. 
Providing good and efficient customer service is crucial to the goodwill of any restaurant. 
Aghadeer has a talented and responsible management team that utilizes well-trained staff at every workstation. 
Customer service is a high priority for Aghadeer management. We have a family-oriented seating space in our branches, making our customers instantly comfortable.  
We make sure that at any given minute there's enough staff to look after each of our customers. 
Acquiring premium spaces at standard locations also serves as a key to building happy dining spaces for all.